Rohan Varma_rnvarma_Section O

Term Project Proposal: Mutliplayer Asteroids

I intend to make multiplayer asteroids. Asteroids is a classic arcade game.
My game will take most features from the original game while also
implimenting special items and powerups to make gameplay more fun for 
the user. The game itself will be built purely using Tkinter. The background
music will be implimented used the pygames module.

The game itself will essentially be both ships on a map where asteroids will
spawn around them. The goal of the game is to survive as long as possible.
Each round will be 3 minutes long. If either player dies, the round ends and
the other player wins the round. If both players survive by the end of the 
round, then the player with the most points will win the round. The rounds are
going to carry on until one player loses all 3 lives. The player that does not lose
all 3 lives will be awarded a survivor score of 3 points. The player to have
the most points after one player loses all 3 lives is the winner of the game.

Another game mode for my game will be co-op survivor mode where both players
will cooperate to survive as long as possible. 

The multiplayer implimentation is the main problem that I would like to solve.
I will be using the socket module that comes stock with python. I will set up
a server that will host up to 2 clients. When the second client connects to the server,
the server will send an action to the clients to begin the game. The game state
will be stored in the server. This will be where the locations of asteroids
and shots and ships will be stored. The clients will constantly ask the server
a set amount of times every second for the game state of the map. Every time
a player makes a move to shoot or turn or move the ship, the client will send
the action to the server and the server will update the information of the
game state.

In this way, both of the clients will continually be aware of the dynamic game
state and be able to change the state themselves.

Another feature that I would like to create is the ability to have a global
high scores list. This would be acessible from any computer. This would
be another text document that would keep track of the high scores and return
them whenever the client calls for the high score list. 